Xuelian, thank you for
coming with me to pray today.
Hey, Linlin, come to my place for dinner.
We’ve got spicy tofu at noon,
steamed pork ribs,
spicy chicken hotpot, and beer-braised duck.
It’s not convenient, I’d better not go.
Hmm…
Alright then.
We’re here, let’s get off.
Okay.
Where’s Xuelian? Where is she?
We haven’t been
kidnapped by traffickers, have we?
Xuelian! Xuelian! Is anyone there?
Y-You… what do you want?
We haven’t done anything to you.
And we won’t do anything to you.
Little sister, don’t be scared.
Your big brother here
just needs a small favor.
You won’t kill me?
What do you want me to do?
It’s simple.
We just need… this.
Hey, not bad.
Yes, just like that.
Wow, Mr. Huo, the king himself has arrived!
Mr. Huo, you’re right on time.
Sweetheart, go keep Mr. Huo company.
Please.
Mr. Shi Nai,
do you think I’d want your leftovers?
Oh, my apologies for the oversight.
You all, leave.
Go find the manager,
tell him to find some new girls.
No need for women, Mr. Shi Nai.
You had my stuff stolen,
don’t you owe me an explanation?
I invited you several
times, Mr. Huo,
but you refused to show up.
That’s why I resorted to this.
I’ve heard you own
numerous top-tier car factories in Italy.
If you’re willing to
work with me,
I believe we can achieve
a win-win situation.
Mr. Shi Nai, are you so sure
I’ll work with you?
Lin, look, who’s that?